# Hyperliquid Grid Installation Guide

For speed and stability, I use a [Linode VPS](https://www.linode.com/lp/refer/?r=7df1983e917d3958b68bebdf2b6f030e6e9ecb9c) (I've been using it personally for over 10 years and it's always been very stable), which costs only $5 per month.

## Setup Instructions

1. Install a Linux environment, Ubuntu 24.04 LTS is recommended

2. Install the Go environment
   ```
   snap install go --classic
   ```

3. Download the code
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/0xdamahou/hyperliquid-grid
   ```

4. Download related libraries and build the program
   ```
   go mod download
   go build -o hypergrid
   ```

5. Install PostgreSQL
   ```
   apt install postgresql
   ```

6. Running the grid program requires only 3 files: `hypergrid`, `config.json`, and `grid_config.json`. You can place these three files in a new directory.

7. Modify the config.json file, which mainly includes Hyperliquid API related account address `api_key` and private key `api_secret`, database and password information `db_connection`, and whether to enable the web interface `enable_web` to view grid operation status. You can also check directly in the database, but web viewing is more intuitive, so enabling it is recommended.
   ```json
   {
     "api_key": "Your-hyperliquid-account-address",
     "api_secret": "your-hyperliquid-api-secret",
     "db_connection": "user=postgres password=your-postgres-password dbname=hyper host=localhost port=5432 sslmode=disable",
     "enable_web": true,
     "web_password": "The password is used for viewing the grid operation results, or it is randomly generated by the program.",
     "web_port": ":80"
   }
   ```

8. Then modify the grid settings in grid_config.json. Each grid contains the following information:
   ```json
   {
     "symbol": "SOL",
     "initial_size": 20,
     "grid_step": 0.017,
     "grid_size": 1,
     "leverage": 5,
     "price_precision": 2,
     "act": "Start",
     "enable": true
   }
   ```

    - `symbol`: Coin symbol.
    - `initial_size`: Initial position size, e.g., starting with Long 20 SOL. If Short, use a negative number, e.g., -20 means Short 20 SOL
    - `grid_step`: Grid spacing, e.g., 0.017 means 1.7%
    - `leverage`: Leverage multiplier for placing orders. It's recommended that the actual leverage ratio doesn't exceed 1x. The leverage ratio can be set to 5 or 10 here to facilitate future grid trading
    - `price_precision`: Price precision, i.e., how many decimal places, to facilitate calculating prices at different grid levels
    - `act`: Can be either "Start" or "Stop". If you want to run this grid, keep it in the "Start" state. If you want to exit this grid and let the system automatically close positions, change it to "Stop"
    - `enable`: If you don't want the system to enable this grid, change it to false

9. Officially start the grid program, you can check the running records in outlog.log
   ```
   nohup ./hypergrid &
   ```